an Israeli air strike has hit a
residential building in Rafa it was near
the Kuwait Hospital in southern Gaza
people there have been desperately
searching for survivors under the debris
and moving the wounded to hospitals
Health officials say at least 20 people
have been killed in the air strike we're
going to hear now the aftermath of what
happened and the chaos of the situation
in the minutes following that air
strike
[Music]
here
Let's cross live now to T Abu aom T tell
us more about what happened and what's
happening around you right
now yes uh of course we have been uh
witnessing uh very dangerous situations
during the last uh couple of hours where
the Israeli forces had leveled to the
ground a residential building uh that
was hosting evacuees and residents are
in ra very close to our location right
now in Al kaiti hospital as around more
than 20 Palestinians being killed by
this air strike with dozens others who
have been uh wounded being transported
uh as we have been reporting before uh
to Al Kuwaiti hospital where they have
been receiving uh treatment now this is
not only the first attack from its kind
uh in Rafa but earlier today they had
also targeted a makeshift tent where
also evacuees were taking shelter inside
now these kinds of attacks continue Raa
as we can keep hearing the sound of the
Israeli surveillance of drones and
fighty Jets hovering on the sky of of
Rafa where Palestinians have been very
terrified during the last couple of
hours as everyone in this region was
completely frustrated taking a place to
find shelter and to take cover from the
Israeli buming but the the fact on the
ground right now is that the situation
is getting much more worse day by day as
the Israeli unrelenting buming of the
Gaza Strip even in the south of the
territory
continues so only partially operating
hospitals there now what is a densely
poped area now populated where people
were told to flee to yet Israel is
expanding its offensive there
still yes so this is something
completely uh uh catastrophic as uh only
we're talking about few remaining
hospitals that are still operating
across the Gaza Strip after the complete
ruin that had been uh made against
hospitals in the north and Central areas
of Gaza City now as the military
operations are are expanding now and
been focusing on the middle areas in the
south of the Gaza stet there are still
very limited number of of hospitals
that's still working and now right now
Raa we are talking about three main
Central hospitals that are still uh
functioning as they are forced to keep
providing uh a medical treatment for
thousands of Palestinians uh inside this
region which become very densely
populated amid the ongoing waves of
evacuation from the middle goes and from
kanun as well to Rafa and this has
completely add much more pressure on
Medical Teams to keep functioning as the
military operations of the Israeli
forces uh are making the hospitals
across Gaza Strip struggle to keep
providing
services